U1- Online help form
A web-bound form filled in using text inputs (email address, name, age,
comments) and tick boxes (for what help the user needs). Only one box may
be ticked. The filled-in form will be automatically sent through email to the
client when a “submit” button is pressed and an email confirming a
successful submission will be sent to the email address given, if the email
given is valid.

Tick boxes were not used, instead a message box is used to send all the information of what someone might need from the charity



U2- Access/Menu Bar
A collection of links at the top of every webpage, featuring hyperlinks to all
main public webpages (e.g. Home, FAQ, How we can help, etc.). Hyperlink
text will change shade/colour when hovered over.

Nav bar fully implemented, furthermore quick links are included in the footer



U7- Donation Button
A button that when pressed will take the user to a donation menu allowing
them to choose their method of donation (e.g. PayPal).

Only one method (PayPal) is implemented as it is safest to employ



AD1- Add Record to Database
The Admin will have the ability to add a new record to any table in the
database.

Fully implemented, adding an admin account add the hash of the password rather than plain text


AD2- Delete Record to Database
The Admin will have the ability to delete any record from either database.

Fully implemented



AD3- Database Table Search
The Admin will have the ability to search in any given field, and will be
presented with all records that match what they have searched for. They will
be able to search using multiple table fields at once to make the search more
specific.

Fully implemented



AD7- Database Edit
The Admin will have the ability to edit any record in the database.

Fully implemented, admin accounts can be edited from a separate interface for security reasons



AW2- Add post (“upcoming events”)
The Admin will be able to add posts to the “upcoming events” section of the
website including text (necessary), image and video (if desired), and a date
(necessary).

Fully implemented



AW3- Delete Post (“upcoming events”)
The Admin will be able to delete posts from the “upcoming events” section
of the website. Each post will include an “X” icon that when clicked will
cause a message prompt asking if the admin is sure they want to deleted the
post with the buttons “Yes” and “No”. If they press “Yes” the post is
removed from the website and otherwise the post is kept on the website.

Implemented, details slightly differ from requirements but achieve the same result



AW8- Message Prompt
When certain “high-risk” actions are being performed on the webpages, a
message prompt will appear before they can proceed asking whether or not
they are sure they want to proceed. Each Prompt will have two buttons;
“yes” and “no”. By pressing “no” the activity is cancelled, by pressing “yes”
the activity proceeds.

Implemented, details slightly differ from requirements but achieve the same result

NOT IMPLEMENTED
AD4- Add Field to Database Table *
AD5- Delete Field from Database Table *
AD6- Database Table Sort * 
AW4- Auto-delete (“upcoming events”)*
AW5- Auto-sort (“upcoming events”)*